FROM: THE LOTTERY COORDINATOR, TRIPPLE WINS LOTTERY
INTERNATIONAL PROMOTIONS/PRIZE AWARD DEPARTMENT

Dear Recipient,


Congratulations to you as we bring to your notice, the results of the First
Category draws of TRIPPLE WINS INTERNATIONAL GAMES. We are happy to inform
you that you have emerged a winner under the First Category, which is part
of our promotional draws. The draws were held prior to your notification.

all Participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from
2,500,000 names/email addresses of individuals and companies from Africa,
America, Asia, Australia, Europe, Middle East, and Oceania as part of our
International Promotions Program.

You have therefore been awarded a lump sum pay out of  1.2 Million
euros(One Million, Two Hundred Thousand Euros) each, which is the winning
payout for Category" A" winners. This is from the total prize money of
10,000,000 Euros shared among the 6 Winners in this category.
This funding was made possible by Microsoft international to support the
use of Microsoft software and improve Globalization in conjunction with
European's Lotteries.

CONGRATULATIONS!!!

Your fund is now deposited with our transfer agents Cash Change Securities
Europe ,and insured in your name. In your best interest and also to avoid
mix up of numbers and names of any kind, we request that you keep the entire
details of your award strictly from public notice until the process of
Beneficiary Certificate Ownership Winning Notification, Stamp duties and
re-activation of Account of your prize /money remitted in readiness of the
subsequently onward transfer into your nominated Bank Account. This is in
conformity with the latest transfer regulation signed by the Organization /
Netherlands Government since this is part of our Security protocol measures
to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some
participants 

We also wish to bring to your notice our end of year premium stakes draw
where you stand a chance of winning up to 25 Million Euros ; we hope that
with a part of your prize you will participate in it.

To file for your claim, please contact your fiducially agent
 Mr. Paul Joanson
Of The Euro Accredited Payment Agent Immediately 

TEL: +31 627 200 037 

FAX: +31 847 180 870